Improve doc for keystore types (#121)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka: docs/input-kafka.asciidoc

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

> The format of the keystore file. It must be either `jks` or `PKCS12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keystore file's format. It must be either `jks` or `PKCS12`.
```

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

> The format of the truststore file. It must be either `jks` or `PKCS12`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The truststore file's format. It must be either `jks` or `PKCS12`.
```
